Ive loved this show since day one , and an avid fan of all three of the prior season before Fox stupidly cancelled it , which actually was a gift . I was one of the fans that worked in the twitter campaign to help save the show , working along with the producers , writers , cast, crew and fans from around the world, with the hashtag #SaveLucifer making history, as Netflix was more than eager to give this show a fabulous new home. So now this series is even better , the new Season 4 just released May 8 2019 is so much more, despite only 10 episodes, they are packed with action , drama,it is bolder, yet the humor in the show is still there, it is definitely the best season yet. For new viewers, do watch the first 3 seasons before the new one, as the characters history is important to this story. I am just finishing doing a binge watch for the third time and it just never gets old. Treasure of a show, great actors , good tight writing, great set designs, cool music throughout, and even a little nudity. What more can you want. Netflix, we need a season 5,6,7 and on. 2019 Update: After yet another fan campaign and good reviews for season 4 on Netflix , we got season 5, although itll be the last and we really wanted 6 seasons, But then Netflix listened, and gave the show twice the episodes for season 5, another win. Cant wait , the writers keep tweeting us the episode titles and have promised the best I have loved this show since day one, and an avid fan of all three of the prior season before Fox stupidly cancelled it, which actually was a gift. I was one of the fans that worked in the twitter campaign to help save the show,working along with the producers, writers, cast, crew and fans from around the world, with the hashtag #SaveLucifer making history, as Netflix was more than eager to give this show a fabulous new home. So now this series is even better, the new Season 4 just released May 8 2019 is so much more, despite only 10 episodes, they are packed with action, drama,it is bolder, yet the humor in the show is still there, it is definitely the best season yet. For new viewers, do watch the first 3 seasons before the new one, as the characters history is important to this story. I am just finishing doing a binge watch for the third time and it just never gets old. Treasure of a show, great actors, good tight writing, great set designs, cool music throughout, and even a little nudity. What more can you want. Netflix, we need a season 5,6,7 and on. 2019 Update: After yet another fan campaign and good reviews for season 4 on Netflix, we got season 5, although it will be the last and we really wanted 6 seasons, But then Netflix listened, and gave the show twice the episodes for season 5, another win. Can't wait, the writers keep tweeting us the episode titles and have promised the best season yet.

Update for Season 5.1 released Aug 21: AWESOME. One of the best seasons yet. We get some answers, some closure on some things (keeping this spoiler free for you), many of our favorite characters go through unexpected changes, and a new bad guys appears in a familiar face. Best acting ever from this amazing cast. Lots of funny moments too. The second half of season 5 is almost finished and will be on Netflix later, and we are also getting a Season 6 in the future. Just an amazing show, brought back to life by amazing fans, writers, producers, actors and thanks to Netflix.season yet.